hi I'm Rebecca brand today we're gonna
make a hot spiced apple cider it's a
cold day outside and this is going to
warm us up the ingredients for this dish
are brown sugar cinnamon nutmeg ginger
allspice cloves apple juice or apple
cider and that's it let's eat up our
apple cider so I'm going to pour 2
quarts of this you can double this
recipe if you have a whole lot of
friends coming over let's start heating
that up now turn that - haaay
and pour in your apple juice I'm putting
in half a cup of brown sugar and this is
why I know it's already sweetened you
need that brown sugar to carry your
spices otherwise like have you ever had
a teaspoon of cinnamon is going to kill
you so half a teaspoon of cinnamon goes
in here and since you better that extra
sugar it's going to be okay then you do
a quarter teaspoon of all the other
spices cinnamon is a spice that you
usually have more of in a recipe than
other spices the ginger is quite spicy
so 1/4 teaspoon of that 1/4 teaspoon of
ground nutmeg now I use these dried
ingredients they're so much less
expensive than buying the whole
ingredients like whole cloves whole
nutmeg whole cinnamon this is a fraction
of the price and now 1/4 teaspoon of
allspice now if you don't have allspice
you can leave it out some of these
spices just aren't critical and now I'm
adding 1/4 teaspoon cloves now if you
don't have that leave it out too I want
you to be free when you're cooking now
we're going to mix that up
I want those spices to dissolve in this
I want to bring this up to a simmer not
a boil so now I've turned this down to
medium so this is my trick for getting
those really cute cinnamon sticks if I
don't
the restaurant supply stores the
warehouse stores and they sell them like
this very inexpensive and this is what I
put in there it looks so pretty and the
beautiful smell and aroma from the
cinnamon comes into your broth but not
as much as when it's already ground so
this is kind of just for books so
there's probably six servings of this so
I'll put six of these in there now look
how pretty that is that sugar is
disolved those spices are in there so
that's up to a simmer now oh my gosh
look at that steam coming off oh it
smells so good if only they had smell at
YouTube maybe one day they will it's
ready let's have some you can leave this
on your stove for hours just keep it on
low it's cold outside so this is really
gonna warm me up let's try it
it's fantastic that is the best spiced
hot apple cider I've ever had and I've
ever made so make it for you and your
friends enjoy your cold winter nights
with your cup of hot apple cider Cheers